User Stories

As a visitor
I want to see what the website is about and a form to register my own account.

As a new user,
I want to create and view a profile with some of my personal details, a profile picture, etc.

As an established user,
I want to be able to edit my profile page.
I want to add my friends and be able to be added myself
I want my friends and friends of my friends only to see who is on my friends list.
I want only my friends to see my profile page, and I want to be able to see their profile.
    This profile page will have the name, profile picture, friendlist, contact information, image gallery, and recent status updates of the user.
I want to be able to upload my own and see the image galleries of my friends.
I want to be able to comment on these photos
I want to be able to create status updates.
I want friends to be able to comment on these updates
I want to be able to create or join a group that creates a private view for approved group members

As a group member,
I want to see the posts of only group members on the group page.
I want to see the location (Google Maps) of other users if they share

As a group owner,
I want to control who is in the group and
set properties for the group such as the group name.
I want to see a chronological feed of recent uploads and posts of my friends or groups.
I want to be able to choose to accept email notifications for important events like friend requests or comments and turn this off.



Feature List
Landing page
    Shows off what the site does, links to register/login
Create a User Profile
    Contains personal info, displays public info
    Filestack api for profile photo
    can be edited
Homepage - displays recent posts from friends list, from groups
Navbar - Home page/landing page, login/logout, search functionality
Search - Search for users by name/username
Groups - displays a sample feed of all groups, links to individual group pages one is a member of
Create Group - set name and details of a group.
Group Page - Shows relevant information about a specific group, such as a sign-up or a view of recent group posts
Image Galleries - upload and group photos into different albums for display with comment capabilities.
Friends - Users should be able to friend each other, and display a list of their friends.
Friends of your friends should be able to see your friend list, but others should not.
Posts - create post, upload picture, edit post, delete post.
Comments - posts that are linked to other posts.
eMail Updates - users should be able to toggle eMail notifications for events; like new friend requests, comments on their statuses, etc.
